And we're back in our age email or here this is going to be the end of about Section no.
Here we're going to say this is going to be services section and again right away.
We can just copy online copy and paste this and all Hilborn right.
This is going to be end of services section then or here we're going to create a section here with an
ID and we're going to say services services and we're going to press the time and or here we're going
to have a title right on the same title that we had here for the skills we're going to use it for our
services.
So we're going to go my core here find work the skills time and all I want to hear.
All right so can you just copy and paste this.
So I'm going to copy this guy and drag it over here.
And once we have the services copy pasted on here skills I don't know where you're going to write right
this is going to be a services services over here.
So once we say this we need to actually make sure I'm closing properly or here in this market on this
right.
But you can see that still everything works.
So if we say this right or here it will be the same thing as if I'm hovering over here right.
You can see that this is still going to be turning red and it doesn't matter that we have it over here
right.
It would work the same way.
Right now the with is going to be expanding and also the color is going to be changing then on here
once we have the end of tied up they're all going to create or here a day of.
And I'm going to say this is going to be did with the class of services.
We're going to say Center pressed.
And within the services center we're going to have another article and this guy's going to be with a
class or here of service and we're going to press them and with an article first we're going to have
a div.
So I'm going to say this is going to be with a class of service and I can then once we have that then
we're going to have the actual icon.
So I'm going to say I can be far down the here this is going to be for code like this.
Right so now we have the code.
And after that we're going to have another day of it.
So this was the first service I can then on here the next day over here is going to be actually service
text.
So I'm going to say we're here Service Service text here press tab and he'll going to have a heading
to this with a class of service subtitle service sub title here or here or is going right.
And this is going to be a clean code so I'm going to say we're here a clean code and that's going to
be the text.
And if we press Dybul here now we have had to go with a clean code.
Then after that we're going to have a paragraph and or you are going to say this is going to be paragraph
with a class service here in full.
And after that we're going to have the actual paragraph.
So again we're going to press the table here and here we're going to have a text.
Right.
So here we're going just say Lorem and let's say over here Lorem and write press tab.
And now we have it over here.
And I would say there's a couple of things going on right.
So first of all you want them side by side.
So we're going to do it actually with the help of Xbox or here obviously we would need add more.
So here you just check where is actual service.
Right.
So this is going to be our goal here.
And if it helps we can just say that this is going to be single single service here and we can just
I don't know copy and paste this may be right.
So here we're going to say this is going to be service we're going to copy this one.
I know here are going to place it at the end.
And we're going to say and of singles service singles service and now we can do is just grab this one
right.
So I'm going to say over here that I would want to actually copy and paste this so you know I'm going
to say that I want to select these lines over here right.
And then we're going to say copy and now we're going to start pasting.
So I'm going to say one more time right.
This is going to be the clean code.
And one more time and three more times all right here at the end we should have one two three four five
six.
And obviously one by one.
Now we would actually want to change them and the next one is going to be comment.
Oh so all going to go here and find where is the night.
And the second one right.
So this was the cold like this.
Now we need to go to the next one and the next one actually is going to be a service.
Right.
And that's going to be a comment.
So I'm going to take a moment here and all of them say Oh so this is going to be the second one and
that's actually going to say that this is going to be clean and we're going to say this is going to
be clean next more here.
Then after that the next one is going to be a Cold War.
So we're going to find another one right where it is over here and we're going to say we're here that
this is going to be a cold fork cold fork and an actual icon also is going to be called for.
All right.
So now we have called for it.
And then we have three more to go.
The next one is going to be called Pan or here going to say code code.
And also the name is going to be called and this then after that we're going to have serious history
in the age of five.
So two of them.
So again are going to look worse than the next one.
Well again we're going to say see us three more here.
I think there's an ordeal going on right now this is going to be as history ss.
Very after that we're going to have aged him all five.
So we're here you know five five and then over here age five.
And now that we are ready with HD so we can go ahead and actually starts telling this in our main SS.